
---
layout: paper
paper-type: article
title: Statistical Machine Translation
journal: ACM Computing Surveys
journal-url: http://portal.acm.org/browse_dl.cfm?linked=1&part=journal&idx=J204&coll=ACM&dl=ACM&CFID=17955848&CFTOKEN=69110586
volume: 40
number: 3
article: 8
pages: 1&ndash;49
doc-url: http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/alopez/papers/survey.pdf
errata: >
  The reference for Banerjee and Lavie (2005) on p. 39 is missing. It should be:
  <ul><li>
  S. Banerjee and A. Lavie. METEOR: An Automatic Metric for MT Evaluation with 
  Improved Correlation with Human Judgments. In Proceedings of the ACL 2005 
  Workshop on Intrinsic and Extrinsic Evaulation Measures for MT and/or 
  Summarization, 2005.
  </li></ul>
  Thanks to Matt Snover for pointing this out.
  <p>There is a typo in rule S3 on page 11; the English and Chinese sides of the rule are swapped.  It should read:
  <ul><li>
  NPB &rarr; JJ<subscript>1</subscript> NPB<subscript>2</subscript> / NPB<subscript>2</subscript> JJ<subscript>1</subscript>
  </li></ul>
  Thanks to Anoop Sarkar for pointing this out.
abstract: >
  Statistical machine translation (SMT) treats the 
  translation of natural language as a machine learning
  problem.  By examining many samples of human-produced
  translation, SMT algorithms automatically learn how to translate.
  SMT has made tremendous strides in less than two decades, and
  new ideas are constantly introduced.
  This survey presents a tutorial overview of the state-of-the-art. 
  We describe the context of the current research
  and then move to a formal problem description and an overview
  of the main subproblems: translation modeling, parameter estimation,
  and decoding.  Along the way, we present a taxonomy of some
  different approaches within these areas.  We conclude
  with an overview of evaluation and a discussion of future directions.
---

